See commander
It's alright, let's get out first
Ahaha what's the matter
Uncle hasn't eaten this meal yet
Why are you in such a hurry to leave?
I have something to do at home
We have to go back and deal with it ah ah yeah
We still have something to do
It seems my face
It's not as important as your business
Nephew, commander
I was wrong, I beg you to let us go
Commander oops
Uncle, what are you doing?
Get up quickly
Send them back to rest
Prince Commander
I don't plug in
Double happiness today
It also coincides with the gathering of relatives and friends
Wu here is a toast to everyone
My commander
My commander is not well
Li Jiahao in prison ran away
What do you eat?
How can you let the rice run away?
Commander, I'll let you go right now
I'm not in a bad mood
Li Jiahao is just to hang other undercover agents
So it worked.
Then I'm going to interrogate the soldiers in the cell now
No need, the undercover will come out by itself
Just wait and see.
The second young master escaped
These things are not cheap to borrow weapons